README.md, before:


# Simon Says Game

A web-based memory game that challenges pattern recall through progressively longer color sequences, designed for responsive play across phones, tablets, laptops, and desktops on Windows, macOS, iOS, and Android.

## Live demo
- Play now: https://aslivashu.github.io/SimonSaysGame/

## How to play
- Watch the flashed color sequence and repeat it by clicking or tapping the pads in the same order; a new step is added each round until an error occurs, which ends the run.
- The highest score is stored locally in the browser so it persists between sessions for repeat attempts.

## Features
- Responsive layout for mobile and desktop screens with touch and mouse input support in modern browsers (Chrome, Safari, Edge, Firefox, Opera) on major platforms.
- Local storage persistence for the highest score to encourage replayability.
- Simple interface and quick restart to enable short, iterative play sessions.

## Screenshots / Demo
- Example game state with four colored pads, game status text, and highest score shown at the bottom for continuity across sessions.

## Getting started
- Clone the repository, open index.html in any modern browser, and play—no additional setup or build step required for the static deployment pattern used by web games.

<img width="902" height="882" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-08 053952" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/24c4e516-f73d-4eaf-8e60-9f5f226559a2" />

Commit message:

Enhance README with dark mode feature and screenshot

README.md, after:


# Simon Says Game

A web-based memory game that challenges pattern recall through progressively longer color sequences, designed for responsive play across phones, tablets, laptops, and desktops on Windows, macOS, iOS, and Android.

## Live demo
- Play now: https://aslivashu.github.io/SimonSaysGame/

## How to play
- Watch the flashed color sequence and repeat it by clicking or tapping the pads in the same order; a new step is added each round until an error occurs, which ends the run.
- The highest score is stored locally in the browser so it persists between sessions for repeat attempts.

## Features
- Responsive layout for mobile and desktop screens with touch and mouse input support in modern browsers (Chrome, Safari, Edge, Firefox, Opera) on major platforms.
- Local storage persistence for the highest score to encourage replayability.
- Simple interface and quick restart to enable short, iterative play sessions.
- Dark mode support for comfortable play in low-light environments, automatically adapting to system preferences.

## Screenshots / Demo
- Example game state with four colored pads, game status text, and highest score shown at the bottom for continuity across sessions.

## Getting started
- Clone the repository, open index.html in any modern browser, and play—no additional setup or build step required for the static deployment pattern used by web games.

<img width="892" height="871" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-08 063336" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d442c25-6cab-4a1e-840f-7981caeff134" />
